README.md, before:

# @fullstack-devops/ngx-mat-components

[![GitHub Workflow Status](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/fullstack-devops/ngx-mat-components/release.yml?logo=GitHub%20Actions)](#)
[![GitHub release (latest SemVer)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/fullstack-devops/ngx-mat-components)](https://github.com/fullstack-devops/ngx-mat-components/releases)

**Downloads:**

[![GitHub release (latest by date)](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/fullstack-devops/ngx-mat-components/latest/total?style=flat&label=GitHub%20downloads%40latest&logo=GitHub)](https://github.com/fullstack-devops/ngx-mat-components/pkgs/npm/ngx-mat-components)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/dw/@fullstack-devops/ngx-mat-components?style=flat&label=npm%20downloads&logo=npm)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@fullstack-devops/ngx-mat-components)

**License:**

[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/fullstack-devops/ngx-mat-components?style=flat)](#)

Components for @angular/material

## Installation

- yarn
  ```shell
  yarn add @fullstack-devops/ngx-mat-components
  ```
- npm
  ```shell
  npm install @fullstack-devops/ngx-mat-components
  ```

### Installation via GitHub packages

add to your local `.npmrc` the following line to be able to use this package:

```shell
@fullstack-devops:registry=https://npm.pkg.github.com
```

## Documentation

Live Demo with all current modules at https://fullstack-devops.github.io/ngx-mat-components

Api Documentation: https://fullstack-devops.github.io/libraries/ngx-mat-components.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

feat: add theme switch module + docs (#96)

README.md, after:

# @fullstack-devops/ngx-mat-components

[![GitHub Workflow Status](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/fullstack-devops/ngx-mat-components/release.yml?logo=GitHub%20Actions)](#)
[![GitHub release (latest SemVer)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/fullstack-devops/ngx-mat-components)](https://github.com/fullstack-devops/ngx-mat-components/releases)

**Downloads:**

[![GitHub release (latest by date)](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/fullstack-devops/ngx-mat-components/latest/total?style=flat&label=GitHub%20downloads%40latest&logo=GitHub)](https://github.com/fullstack-devops/ngx-mat-components/pkgs/npm/ngx-mat-components)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/dw/@fullstack-devops/ngx-mat-components?style=flat&label=npm%20downloads&logo=npm)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@fullstack-devops/ngx-mat-components)

**License:**

[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/fullstack-devops/ngx-mat-components?style=flat)](#)

Components for @angular/material

## Installation

- yarn
  ```shell
  yarn add @fullstack-devops/ngx-mat-components
  ```
- npm
  ```shell
  npm install @fullstack-devops/ngx-mat-components
  ```

### Installation via GitHub packages

add to your local `.npmrc` the following line to be able to use this package:

```shell
@fullstack-devops:registry=https://npm.pkg.github.com
```

## Documentation

Live Demo with all current modules at https://fullstack-devops.github.io/ngx-mat-components

- [Navigation and Toolbar Frame](https://github.com/fullstack-devops/ngx-mat-components/blob/main/docs/fs-nav-frame.md)
- [Theme Switcher](https://github.com/fullstack-devops/ngx-mat-components/blob/main/docs/fs-theme-switcher.md)
- [Calendar](https://github.com/fullstack-devops/ngx-mat-components/blob/main/docs/fs-calendar.md)

> Note: Sometimes I cannot document everything in the `docs/`, so please check the `workspace application` and source code for more information. Or sumbit an [Issue](https://github.com/fullstack-devops/ngx-mat-components/issues)
